Add capabilities requirement to changelog (#8730)
anza-xyz/agave: CHANGELOG.md

### Validator

#### Breaking

> * When XDP is enabled, the validator requires the `CAP_NET_RAW`, `CAP_NET_ADMIN`, `CAP_BPF`, and `CAP_PERFMON` capabilities. Those can be configured setting `CapabilityBoundingSet=CAP_NET_RAW CAP_NET_ADMIN CAP_BPF CAP_PERFMON` in the systemd service file or by running `setcap cap_net_raw,cap_net_admin,cap_bpf,cap_perfmon=p <path/to/agave-validator>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When XDP is enabled, the validator process requires the `CAP_NET_RAW`, `CAP_NET_ADMIN`, `CAP_BPF`, and `CAP_PERFMON` capabilities. These can be configured in the systemd service file by setting `CapabilityBoundingSet=CAP_NET_RAW CAP_NET_ADMIN CAP_BPF CAP_PERFMON` under the `[Service]` section or directly on the binary with the command `sudo setcap cap_net_raw,cap_net_admin,cap_bpf,cap_perfmon=p <path/to/agave-validator>` (this command must be run each time the binary is replaced)
```
